Update open telemetry dependencies and switch to using the built in JDK http client for reporting traces (#867)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-bridge: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.28.0

* Dependency updates (Kafka 3.7.0, Kubernetes configuration provider 1.1.2, Vert.x 4.5.4, Netty 4.1.107.Final, Jackson FasterXML 2.16.1, Micrometer 1.12.3, OpenTelemetry 1.34.1, OpenTelemetry Semconv 1.21.0-alpha, OpenTelemetry instrumentation 1.32.0-alpha)
* Fixed missing messaging semantic attributes to the Kafka consumer spans
* Removed the dependency on OkHttp and thus Kotlin.
* Dependency update (OpenTelemetry Semconv from 1.19.0-alpha to 1.21.0-alpha)

>   * The following span attributes are being replaced replacements:

Reviewer: `are being replaced replacements` seems like a typo.

* Dependency updates (Kafka 3.6.1, Kubernetes configuration provider 1.1.2, Vert.x 4.5.2, Netty 4.1.106.Final, Jackson FasterXML 2.16.1, Micrometer 1.12.2)
* Fixed missing messaging semantic attributes to the Kafka consumer spans
* Removed the dependency on OkHttp and thus Kotlin.

> * Dependency update (OpenTelemetry Semconv from 1.19.0-alpha to 1.21.0-alpha)

Reviewer 2: I guess we are missing all the other bumps you made in the pom.
Also it's enough just naming component - version so for example ...

```shell
Dependency update (OpenTelemetry Semconv 1.21.0-alpha, ....)
```

Reviewer: This probably should also not have its own line in the changelog but be added to the existing dependency updates?

Reviewer 2: Yeah right.

Author: I've added Semconv to the global dependency list, but thought it was worth calling out this particular change as it leads to the changes of the tags included on spans. 

I can re-phrase if that is desired but I think mentioning the changes is merited.

Reviewer: If it is for whatever reason more important, you should probably rephrase it then:
* It doesn't make sense to have to separate entries for `Dependency update (...)`
* If this is more important for some reason, explain it there. If it changes some tags, make it clear there what and how.

You seem to have the list of changes already, so you can just say something like 
```
* OpenTelemetry Semconv update causes following incompatible changes:
    * ...
```

* Dependency updates (Kafka 3.6.1, Kubernetes configuration provider 1.1.2, Vert.x 4.5.2, Netty 4.1.106.Final, Jackson FasterXML 2.16.1, Micrometer 1.12.2)
* Fixed missing messaging semantic attributes to the Kafka consumer spans
* Removed the dependency on OkHttp and thus Kotlin.
* Dependency update (OpenTelemetry Semconv from 1.19.0-alpha to 1.21.0-alpha)
  * The following span attributes are being replaced replacements:
    1. `http.method` is being replaced with `http.request.method`
    2. `http.url` is being replaced with `url.scheme`, `url.path` & `url.query`
    3. `messaging.destination` is being replaced with `messaging.destination.name`
    4. `http.status_code` is being replaced with `http.response.status_code`
  * The following span attributes are slated for removal:

>     1. `messaging.destination.kind` & `messaging.destination.kind=topic`

Reviewer 2: why it's mentioned twice? I mean the attribute name and then the same with the value which in our case will always be `topic`.

Author: I phrased it clumsily I was trying to capture that both the key and value types were being deprecated.

* Dependency updates (Kafka 3.7.0, Kubernetes configuration provider 1.1.2, Vert.x 4.5.4, Netty 4.1.107.Final, Jackson FasterXML 2.16.1, Micrometer 1.12.3, OpenTelemetry 1.34.1, OpenTelemetry Semconv 1.21.0-alpha, OpenTelemetry instrumentation 1.32.0-alpha)
* Fixed missing messaging semantic attributes to the Kafka consumer spans
* Removed the dependency on OkHttp and thus Kotlin.

> * This release deprecates several attributes (inline with changes from OpenTelemetry Semconv) which it attaches to spans. Both the depricated attribute and its replacement will be added to spans in the current release. The depreciated attributes will be removed in a future version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* This release deprecates several attributes (inline with changes from OpenTelemetry Semconv) which it attaches to spans. Both the deprecated attribute and its replacement will be added to spans in the current release. The deprecated attributes will be removed in a future version.
```
